Go for a walk.
Make a toad happy-tat.
Build a model.
Draw your sister/brother a picture.
Close your eyes and doodle.
Lie on the sidewalk and let someone draw your outline with sidewalk chalk. Make silly poses.
Read a book.
Put on some music and dance.
See who can build the tallest edible tower out of gumdrops and pretzels.
Make a list of things you’d like to learn more about, and take it to the library.
Read about constellations during the day and then find them in the night sky. 
Make a joke book using jokes collected from your family.
Bee a bug.
Find an ant hill and place an apple slice on top. Observe.
Make Christmas ornaments then pack them away for a surprise this winter.
Create a picture with seeds, beans or pasta by gluing them on a sturdy piece of cardboard. 
Sketch the different plants around your house.
Listen to bird calls online and try to imitate them.
Play “zoo” with your friends. 
Climb a tree.
Build a blanket raft.
Create a miniature house from a shoebox, complete with furniture.
Make blue gelatin in a clear glass dish and “float” gummy fish inside. Eat it for dessert.
Build a blanket fort.
Lie in your bed and ponder what needs pondering.
Decorate a box and lid; use it to hold treasures and mementoes.
Make up your own holiday.
Make some fruit from papier-mâché.
Think up a really scary story to tell around a campfire.
Make up a secret code and write a letter to a friend using the code (Include decoding key!)
Play catch with someone.
Get a pen pal from another country and write a letter.
Make a mobile with recycled materials.
Have a happie meal.
Make cookies and surprise a neighbor.
Visit the art museum.
Learn how to say your name in another language. Or two.
Find something in your house from a different country and research that country.
Practice cartwheels.
Lie on the grass and look for shapes in the clouds.
Make a fairy house with sticks, leaves and moss.
Have a puppet show.
Make up a song or poem about your pet.
Have a treasure hunt. (Don’t forget to bury the treasure.)
Have an amazin race.
Decorate your bike for a parade. Have a parade (even if you’re the only participant.)
Write a letter to your favorite relative. Or, mail yourself a letter!
Use old pillowcases to have a sack race.
Learn your name in sign language.
Play hide and seek.
Using sidewalk chalk, measure out the lengths of large things.
Make a killing jar.
List and/or draw all the different insects you see in just one day.
Play army guys in the dirt outside. Dig holes and run barbed wire. 
Throw a fancy party for your pet.
Dig for fossils.
Type a review of the last movie you saw or book you read.
Start planning your Halloween costume in May.
Dig a hole to China. If you’re in China, dig a hole to America.
Go to bed.